# Incident: 2025-12-03 14:06:41

## Summary

Between 14:06:41 and 14:08:21 on 2025-12-03, four pizza order requests failed with a 500 error. This means that several customers did not receive any pizzas after ordering them. It was caused by a Chaos Monkey that crept into the system. Fortunately, one of our dedicated employees was monitoring the logs on Grafana and remedied the fix quickly, within 2 minutes of the first error. We have applied monkey repellent to our HTTP endpoints to prevent this issue from happening in the future. Affected customers are welcome to submit a support ticket and receive a refund if necessary.

## Detection

The event was detected due to pizza failures triggering an alert, and our DevOps team was notified almost immediately. The problem was fixed within 2 minutes and very few users were affected.

## Impact

A few users were unable to purchase pizzas because the Chaos Monkey blocked their requests. Any of these customers are free to submit a support ticket and receive a refund if necessary.

## Timeline

All times are UTC-07:00

*14:06* - Two Chaos Monkey incidents logged simultaneously.
*14:07* - DevOps team notified. Another incident logged.
*14:08* - Another incident logged.
*14:09* - Problem remedied. No more incidents reported.

## Response

Our employee Adam Harris was on call, and was alerted to the failure of pizza purchases. He inspected the logs and found the source of the issue, rectifying it quickly.

## Root cause, Prevention, and Resolution

A Chaos Monkey crept into the system, causing some pizza orders at the /api/order endpoint to fail with a 500 error. We have applied monkey repellent to our HTTP endpoints to prevent incidents like this happening in the future.

